Name
Sr. GW QA Integration

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
QA Engineer with 6+ years of experience in Insurance domain (P&C) and strong expertise in integration testing using Guidewire PolicyCenter, ClaimCenter and BillingCenter.
Have good experience in validating end-to-end system integrations, APIs (REST/SOAP), and backend data.
Experience in Automation, Manual and performance testing using Selenium, Load Runner, J-Meter, Test NG, Quality Center.
	Hands-on experience in setting up automation script pipeline for continuous delivery with Jenkins CI and CD.
Experience in testing Personal Auto, Homeowners Line of Business (LOB)
Ability to create and execute end-to-end test scenarios, including functional, regression testing in PolicyCenter.
Adept at identifying and documenting defects, collaborating closely with development teams to resolve issues efficiently.
Well-versed with Guidewire, JIRA, Confluence, Selenium, TestNG, GitHub, Jenkin.
Experience working in Agile environments with strong defect management and test design capabilities.
Excellent Interpersonal and Communication skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Texas Mutual Insurance						April 2024 to Present
Sr. Guidewire QA Analyst	
Roles and responsibilities:
Designing and writing test cases based on the functional requirements ensuring coverage for all possible scenarios.
Execute performance and load testing for integration points to validate system scalability and response times.
	Supporting execution of integration tests, including monitoring software incidents and communicating software issues to Guidewire development.
	Perform manual, automated and performance testing for web based and desktop-based applications.
Detailed designing and coding integration programs including plug-ins, message sinks and Gosu programs that calls the Guidewire application APIs.
Involved in performing manual test scenarios for various rating factors, policy adjustments, and premium calculations.
Involved in API Performance Testing using J-Meter for the required transaction.
Creating detailed functional test cases that cover various rating scenarios for auto and homeowners’ insurance, ensuring that modernized rating engines calculate premiums accurately based on updated rules.
Developing Gosu test cases (GTest) for integrations.
Designing and implementing automation scripts using tools like Selenium, JUnit, or TestNG to automate the testing of policy form generation and validation processes.
Planning integration testing of customer solutions.
Develop Automation Scripts, Execution and Analysis Test Results.
Developing and maintaining automated test scripts using tools like Selenium, TestNG, or Guidewire-specific automation frameworks.
Collaborate with developers, business analysts, and middleware teams to resolve integration issues.
Developing automated test scripts for regression testing on PolicyCenter and ClaimCenter.
Ensuring that the coverage rules and calculations, including deductibles, limits, and premiums, are accurately reflected in the system.

Guideone Insurance						Feb 2022 – Apr 2024
Guidewire QA Analyst

Roles and responsibilities:
Managed Guidewire Testing work stream through all phases of the GT Framework enablement life cycle; providing technical support from requirements and design to implementation and deployment.   
Reduced regression defects by enhancing integration test coverage.
Involved in Test integrations with billing systems for payment processing, Document generation services.
Configured and validated environment-specific integration settings, including endpoints, authentication, and third-party system connectivity.
	Developed Gosu test cases for integrations.
Supporting execution of integration tests, including monitoring software incidents and communicating software issues to Guidewire development.
Performed end-to-end integration testing across Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter, and external systems.
Ensured all policy forms, endorsements, and declarations meet legal and regulatory standards for personal lines auto insurance.
Automated repetitive test cases using available tools to optimize the testing process and reduce execution time.
Performed system, regression, Data Migration & Data Analytical Testing, and performance testing in Test and UAT environments.
Writing Test Cases for Guidewire PolicyCenter functionalities, Policy Submissions, Policy Changes, Policy renewals, Policy Cancellations, Policy Reinstatements, Policy Rewrites and Policy Reissues.
Designing and creating automation frameworks using Selenium WebDriver, Grid and TestNG.

QBE Insurance						Feb 2020 - Jan 2022
Guidewire Test Analyst

Roles and responsibilities:
Executed manual test cases in Guidewire PolicyCenter and ClaimCenter to verify the accuracy of policy issuance, endorsements, renewals, and claims processes for personal auto insurance.
Performed functional, regression, and system testing on PolicyCenter and ClaimCenter modules related to auto insurance.
Involved in automation framework for Guidewire applications PolicyCenter using Selenium page object model for personal lines of business.
Collaborated with developers and configuration teams to reproduce issues and validate fixes, ensuring high-quality deliverables.
Identified, logged, and tracked defects using JIRA, ensuring proper documentation with logs and screenshots.
Conducted regression testing on existing functionalities whenever new coverages or changes are introduced to ensure that no existing features are broken due to the changes.
Worked on front-end testing. Java with Selenium WebDriver.
Tested various personal auto insurance coverage scenarios, such as liability coverage, comprehensive coverage, collision coverage, and optional coverages like uninsured/underinsured motorist.
Documented test results, including pass/fail status, defects, and retest outcomes.
Collaborated with development and business teams to analyze integration requirements and identify edge cases.
Provided detailed test reports to stakeholders, highlighting critical issues that could impact coverage offerings or user experience.

Areas of expertise
Guidewire Tools: Guidewire PolicyCenter, Guidewire ClaimCenter, Guidewire BillingCenter, Guidewire Studio
Languages: Java, Gosu, JavaScript, HTML, XML
Database - SQL Server, MS SQL
Other tools: Selenium, TestNG, JMeter, Postman, GitHub- Code, Jenkin- CI/CD, Build & Deploy, Atlassian Jira- Test Management, Soap & Rest web services – Batches, Event messaging & GW configurations.
